Update Async Storage link to version 3.0 (#44842)
expo/expo: docs/pages/develop/user-interface/store-data.mdx

## Async Storage

> [Async Storage](https://react-native-async-storage.github.io/3.0/integrations/expo/) is an asynchronous, unencrypted, persistent key-value storage for React Native apps. It has a simple API and is a good choice for storing small amounts of data. It is also a good choice for storing data that does not need encryption, such as user preferences or app state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Async Storage](https://react-native-async-storage.github.io/2.0/Installation/#install) is an asynchronous, unencrypted, persistent key-value storage for React Native apps. It has a simple API and is a good choice for storing small amounts of data. It is also a good choice for storing data that does not need encryption, such as user preferences or app state.
```

Looks like they moved their documentation around again. 

AsyncStorage in SDK 55 uses version 2.2.0 in Expo Go. So, it should point to v2 docs.

I've made the suggestion above that I am going to commit before merging.

<BoxLink
  title="Async Storage documentation"
  description="For more information on how to install and use Async Storage, see its documentation."

>   href="https://react-native-async-storage.github.io/3.0/api/usage/"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  href="https://react-native-async-storage.github.io/2.0/Usage/"
```

Same as previous.
